I think our report was a good reporter
with a critical report but I think it
was on target and for 322 members of
Congress to vote not to see a report in
my estimation is a height of insanity
and absurdity do you think we'll
eventually see it I think so but one
means or another leaks take place around
here and maybe members of Congress will
be embarrassed enough realized what they
have done and stopping the people from
being able to see a report maybe there
be a ground swell of concern on the part
of people who demand to see the report
but one way or the other the entire
report our or most of the report will be
seen by the people I have no illusions
about that